Do not imply that pyOpenSci code of conduct is is infectious (#252)
pyOpenSci/software-submission: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/submit-software-for-review.md

## Code of Conduct & Commitment to Maintain Package

> - [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in future interactions with pyOpenSci should it be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in future interactions in spaces supported by pyOpenSci should it be accepted.
```
